c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample.dll.config
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\TestStack.Seleno.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\obj\Debug\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\obj\Debug\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\obj\Debug\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.net35.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.reporters.net452.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\roybailey\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\BDD.Seleno.UITestSample\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
